oh my hair is blue now and now I'm
wearing a cute bunny hat so it's that
time of year again what time of year is
it if weather is freezing you feel like
you're gonna freeze your tits off and
it's nearing convention season yes
convention season that glorious time of
year where nerds of all over the world
come together in one specific location
to celebrate their love of fandoms
whether it be Harry Potter Lord of the
Rings anime you name it we've got it
dementia seamen typically starts up
around mid February and starts dying
down around the end of October
there are all types of conventions all
year round you rest assured it's just
that the more popular ones tend to take
place on spring some are at least in
America they do but why am i posting
this because I believe that you the fan
should be prepared for the best weekend
of your natural life you know the early
bird catches the worm and all that I
created a few steps to ensure that you
the fan have the best possible weekend
ever
because that's what conventions are a
fun and friendly environment where you
can freely express yourself however you
want sure there are competitions but the
whole thing is not meant to be one big
who has the best costume or proper who
has the most knowledge of something that
comes later the whole convention
experience is meant for everybody of all
ages which brings me to my first rule
don't be dick this is the most important
rule for all conventions and is sadly
overlooked people go to conventions to
have fun and I know that a dick at a con
brings frowns all around see what I did
there's kind of rhymes you know frowns
I'll I'll shut up now there are people
who are out there who might not like
your costume whether it's the way you
made it the fact that you're a different
gender than your character your height
your weight your race it doesn't matter
there are people out there who will
criticize you and honestly who cares
you're the one that's wearing it and
you're the one whose opinion matters
most no one else's and the people who
say otherwise are dicks
honestly anybody can cosplay anybody
they want I'm not saying this to be
spiteful it's the truth if you
personally don't like the way somebody
else made a costume who cares
keep it to yourself don't vocalize that
otherwise you're gonna make a lot of
enemies and no one likes an enemy at a
convention
really then there's the hallway blockers
you should never ever ever block a
hallway when you're taking pictures it
causes problems for everyone whether
somebody's in a hurry or they're just
trying to get through and it's a fire
hazard
somebody could seriously get hurt and
can't get through because somebody is
blocking the hallway taking pictures
think of it like a domino effect say
somebody has a really awesome costume
and you want to take their picture so
you ask them and you start taking
pictures in the middle of the hallway
but all somebody else really likes that
costume and decides that they want to
take that picture too because it's the
perfect opportunity you that person is
person cosplaying are blocking the
hallway and then a ton of other people
join in non-us I'm not saying that
people who block hallways are dicks
sometimes it's unintentional it happens
locking hallways is a thing that always
happens naturally it's not I suppose I
should probably clarify that a little
more if you're intentionally blocking a
hallway and not letting anybody through
not because you're being nice and
letting people take pictures of you but
because you're just chatting with a
group of friends that's seriously not
cool if somebody is asking you to please
move out of the way or you can visibly
see them trying to get through politely
move out of the way don't say anything
about it
like for example while I was walking
down a hallway one day at a convention I
saw a huge group of people just talking
they weren't waiting in line for
anything as sometimes that's the case
they weren't taking pictures or anything
like that they were just talking and I
asked politely if I could move through
it wasn't just me it was like a bunch of
people trying to get through and people
were just like oh my god
excuse you whoa buddy I'm just asking to
get through I don't want to freaking
stir a fight with you okay so if
somebody wants to take your picture then
ask them politely if you could go
somewhere that's out of the way no one
will be pissed and if they are then
they're a dick and don't deserve your
picture anyways the occur to youz two
cosplayers if they look like they're in
a hurry or not camera-ready ask them
first if they say no then don't be mad
about it there were plenty of reasons
why somebody might not want their
picture taken you could find them later
so how do you not be a dick be polite
most conventions small or large take
place
at hotels so not everyone knows what's
going on I've seen so many Little
Leaguers look around and wonder what
where are we if you're asked questions
like what is this why are these people
dressed off
tell them nicely and politely who I did
sir this is a Star Trek convention and
if they make a comment like oh isn't
that for kid come flow up in their faces
do what I do
bore them to death with information I
wasn't found during president of my high
school inmate Club for nothing
not being a dick really pays off so
let's move on to number two
prepare early it takes a while to get
ready for a convention whether it's
raising enough money to buy your badge
pay for your hotel room or making things
this takes a ton of time and it's
best to start early which is ironic
considering I'm one of those people that
starts on a costume two weeks before the
convention most conventions start
selling their badges months beforehand
if you have a convention going on
sometime in July they'll start selling
their badges before Christmas that's
when they're cheapest and that's when
you want to get them I am not kidding
when I say you really want to get your
badges months beforehand say you want to
go to anime Iowa well they're tickets at
the door are $60
what could have been $25 or less has
suddenly turned into 65 or 70 dollars at
the door you also might want to look
into getting a hotel room around the
same time you get your badge you don't
already have a place to stay that is
most hotels around big convention areas
sell out early and refuse to give rooms
to Kongo errs for fear of scaring away
their other customers which as everyone
knows is complete and utter but
I can see their point if you can't get a
hotel room to yourself which rarely ever
happens I would suggest rooming with a
bunch of people no this does not mean
going out and finding a random stranger
to book a room with because that's gonna
seriously dangerous I mean finding a
group of friends that you could stand to
be around for a full weekend who will
love going through conventions just as
much as you do and staying with them the
whole weekend rooming with other people
saves you money on gas food living
expenses it'll probably save you a lot
more money than going by yourself if
live in the area of a convention already
then you're pretty much good to go but
if you live at the state and you need a
hotel room booked it early and booked it
with friends it'd also be beneficial for
you if you did it early because
sometimes hotel rooms won't give you a
room and will claim that you never
booked with them this happens so often
I can't even yes I was one of the
victims of the conventions who wouldn't
let people stay in their hotels it
wasn't my fault directly wasn't
anybody's fault really it was just
because a lot of people were being
really really stupid and setting things
on fire in hotel rooms or pulling fire
alarms or doing all that and this
scares people believe it or not not
everybody thinks it's as funny as you do
going back to the whole being a dick
thing so doing it early kind of make
sure to make sure that everything is in
order is very beneficial because the
hotel room will probably claim that you
never booked the room with them and will
kick you out they do this often so be
careful my talking about Oh careful
sorry for the random ending guys I just
gotta finish stuff like you know my arm
healing anyway expect part two soonish
but in the meantime get ready for con
season because this happening guys oh
yeah